OADP-3919: Release Notes for OADP 1.3.2 (#76332)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-3-2.adoc

.CVE-2024-24784: `oadp-velero-plugin-container`: Golang `net/mail`: Comments in display names are incorrectly handled

A flaw was found in the `net/mail` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. The `ParseAddressList` function incorrectly handles comments, text in parentheses, and display names. As this is a misalignment with conforming address parsers, it can result in different trust decisions being made by programs using different parsers. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24784[(CVE-2024-24784)].

.CVE-2024-24785: `oadp-velero-container`: Golang: html/template: errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods may break template escaping

A flaw was found in the `html/template` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. If errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods contain user-controlled data, they may be used to break the contextual auto-escaping behavior of the HTML/template package, allowing subsequent actions to inject unexpected content into the templates. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24785[(CVE-2024-24785)].

```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes-1-3.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-release-notes-1-3-2_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} 1.3.2 release notes

> The {oadp-first} 1.3.2 release notes list new features, resolved issues, and known issues.

Author: ```suggestion
The {oadp-first} 1.3.2 release notes list resolved issues and known issues.
```

> The {oadp-first} 1.3.2 release notes lists new features, resolved issues, and known issues.

Author: ```suggestion
The {oadp-first} 1.3.2 release notes list new features, resolved issues, and known issues.
```

//[id="new-features-1-3-2_{context}"]
//== New features

[id="resolved-issues-1-3-2_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

> .DPA fails to reconcile if valid custom secret used for BSL

Author: ```suggestion
.DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret used for BSL
```

> .DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret used for BSL

Author: ```suggestion
.DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret is used for BSL
```

> DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret is used for backup storage location (BSL), but the default secret is missing. The workaround is to create the required default `cloud-credentials` initially. When the custom secret is re-created, it can be used and checked for its existence. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-3193[(OADP-3193)]

Reviewer: I would try to be consistent with the way that issues are used in previous releases in the same doc - no parentheses. I would change this for all of the resolved issues.

> DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret is used for backup storage location (BSL), but the default secret is missing. The workaround is to create the required default `cloud-credentials` initially. When the custom secret is re-created, it can be used and checked for its existence. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-3193[(OADP-3193)]

Author: ```suggestion
DPA fails to reconcile if a valid custom secret is used for Backup Storage Location (BSL), but the default secret is missing. The workaround is to create the required default `cloud-credentials` initially. When the custom secret is re-created, it can be used and checked for its existence. 

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-3193[OADP-3193]
```

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-45289[(CVE-2023-45289)].

.CVE-2024-24783: `oadp-velero-container`: Golang `crypto/x509`: Verify panics on certificates with an unknown public key algorithm

A flaw was found in the `crypto/x509` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. Verifying a certificate chain that contains a certificate with an unknown public key algorithm causes `Certificate.Verify` to panic. This affects all `crypto/tls` clients and servers that set `Config.ClientAuth` to `VerifyClientCertIfGiven` or `RequireAndVerifyClientCert`. The default behavior is for TLS servers to not verify client certificates. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24783[(CVE-2024-24783)].

.CVE-2024-24784: `oadp-velero-plugin-container`: Golang `net/mail`: Comments in display names are incorrectly handled

> A flaw was found in the `net/mail` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. The `ParseAddressList` function incorrectly handles comments, text in parentheses, and display names. As this is a misalignment with conforming address parsers, it can result in different trust decisions being made by programs using different parsers. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flaw was found in the `net/mail` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. The `ParseAddressList` function incorrectly handles comments, text in parentheses, and display names. Because this is a misalignment with conforming address parsers, it can result in different trust decisions being made by programs using different parsers. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.
```

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24784[(CVE-2024-24784)].

.CVE-2024-24785: `oadp-velero-container`: Golang: html/template: errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods may break template escaping

A flaw was found in the `html/template` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. If errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods contain user-controlled data, they may be used to break the contextual auto-escaping behavior of the HTML/template package, allowing subsequent actions to inject unexpected content into the templates. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24785[(CVE-2024-24785)].

For a complete list of all issues resolved in this release, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?filter=12436254[OADP 1.3.2 resolved issues] in Jira.

[id="known-issues-1-3-2_{context}"]
== Known issues

> .Cassandra application pods enter in the CrashLoopBackoff status after restoring OADP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Cassandra application pods enter into the `CrashLoopBackoff` status after restoring OADP
```

> After OADP restores, the Cassandra application pods might enter in the `CrashLoopBackoff` status. To work around this problem, delete the `StatefulSet` pods with any error or the `CrashLoopBackoff` state after restoring OADP. The `StatefulSet` controller recreates these pods and it runs normally.

Author: ```suggestion
After {oadp-short} restores, the Cassandra application pods might enter in the `CrashLoopBackoff` status. To work around this problem, delete the `StatefulSet` pods that are returning an error or the `CrashLoopBackoff` state after restoring {oadp-short}. The `StatefulSet` controller recreates these pods and it runs normally.
```

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24784[CVE-2024-24784].

.CVE-2024-24785: `oadp-velero-container`: Golang: html/template: errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods may break template escaping

A flaw was found in the `html/template` Golang standard library package, which impacts previous versions of {oadp-short}. If errors returned from `MarshalJSON` methods contain user-controlled data, they may be used to break the contextual auto-escaping behavior of the HTML/template package, allowing subsequent actions to inject unexpected content into the templates. This flaw has been resolved in {oadp-short} 1.3.2.

For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2024-24785[CVE-2024-24785].

For a complete list of all issues resolved in this release, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?filter=12436254[OADP 1.3.2 resolved issues] in Jira.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line space (shows up in preview)
